NAGARJUNA GORANTLA
DevSecOps Engineer					Contact: +91-9347972335
E-mail: tech.gorantlanagarjuna@gmail.com
LinkedIn: nagarjuna-gorantla-99954a159/
													
OVERVIEW:
Successfully implemented DevOps practices in various organizations to improve efficiency, scalability, and reliability. Looking for challenging opportunities to share my expertise and contribute to the growth of the organization.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Having Overall 5.5 years of experience, with 5.5 years of experience as DevOps and SecOps Engineer which includes implementation of DevOps methodology & SDLC, Agile development and skilled in AWS, IBM Cloud, GitHub, Bitbucket, Terraform, Jenkins, Bamboo, UrbanCode Deploy, XlRerelease, XlDeploy, Ansible, Docker, and Kubernetes.
Infrastructure management:
Experience in design, deployment automation of Legacy/Monolithic/Microservices applications and knowledge on IAAS, PAAS & SAAS 
Experience in AWS services like EC2, VPC, S3, EBS, ELB, Cloud watch, RDS, ECS, and IAM, EKS, Route53, Cloud front. 
Experience in provisioning, monitoring, and scaling infrastructure using Terraform.
Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD): 
Experience to implement and manage CI/CD pipelines for faster software delivery.
Experience in configuring, deploying, and managing these pipelines using tools like GitHub, Bitbucket, Bamboo, Jenkins, XlRelease, XlDeploy, Ansible, Docker and Kubernetes. 
Worked various application development environments like Java, .net, etc.  
Expertise in trouble shooting and fixing the build & deployment issues. 
Containerization and Orchestration: 
Create and deploy dockerized applications and orchestrated using Kubernetes cluster 
Proficient in design and manage Kubernetes clusters on multi-region, Cloud (EKS) and on-prem environments (Kubeadm).
Security: 
Experience in implementing security best practices at all stages of the Secure SDLC 
Good understanding on DevSecOps to improve the security of the organization. 
Experience in configuring SSL certificates to secure the web URLs and load balancers. 
Experience on integrating SAST tools like HPFortify, SonarQube scanners with CICD pipelines. 
Experience on creating and managing IAM roles and polices to secure the AWS resources. 
Experience on Infrastructure Security and hardening the OS 
Good understanding of security concepts like IPSec/TLS, PKI and Key management 
Good Knowledge and experience on Network Security Firewalls, Application Lifecycle Management, Incident, Change & Release Management and ITIL process.
Automation: 
Experience in automating processes such as builds, deployments, and testing using tools such as Jenkins, Ansible, K8s, Data pipelines using S3, Lambda, Glue, Redshift, Athena
Experience in building end to end data pipelines by integrating data from various data sources of different data formats and creating simple/complex data pipelines by implementing various transformations as per the business user requirements. 
Experience in configuring automatic scaling of pods using labels, selectors on cluster nodes, scheduling the pods on specific nodes as per the requirement. 
Experience in AWX and writing the Ansible playbooks as per the requirement.
Experience in automation and Python, Shell scripting and YAML, Groovy 
Expertise using Terraform to build reusable infrastructure to deploy interconnected systems in multiple environments at moment’s notice 
Monitoring and logging: 
Proficiency in centralized logging/metrics using tools like Grafana & Prometheus.
Expertise in creating the dashboards and configuring the metrics & alerts using monitoring LogDNA.
Technical Skills:
	Operating Systems: LINUX, WINDOWS
	Clod Computing: AWS, IBM Cloud
	Infrastructure as code (IaC): Terraform
	Containerization	: Docker, Kubernetes
Configuration Management: Ansible, Chef (Knowledge)
	Source Code Management: GitHub, Bitbucket
	Build Tools: Maven, npm
	CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, Bamboo, XL-Release, UrbanCode Deploy, XL-Deploy
	Artifactory Repo	: Sonatype Nexus, JFrog
	Project Management Tools: Jira, SNOW, Vulnerability Advisor, Secret-Report-Generator
	Access management: IAM, RBAC
	Enterprise wiki: Confluence, SharePoint
	Scripting Languages: Shell, Yaml, Python Scripting 
	ETL Tools on cloud: S3, Lambda
Serverless Services: Elastic beanstalk, FarGate, AWS Lambda
Application code scanners: SonarQube, HP Fortify
	Security Tools: Hashicorp Vault, 1Password
Software Development Methodologies: Agile, Scrum, Wate
	







Professional Experience: 
Working as Associate Consultant in HCL Technologies Limited, Bengaluru from Dec 2021 to till date.
Working as Senior Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies, Bengaluru from Jan 2020 to Nov-2021.
Worked as Senior Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies, Bengaluru from May 2018 to Dec-2020.

Education:
B. Tech from JNTU – Anatapure, Andhra Pradesh in the year 2013
Employer	: HCL Technologies Limited
Client		: IBM
Duration	: Dec-2021 to till date
Responsibilities:
Working as Vault administrator.
Secret-management and certificate-management.
Maintaining vault servers (Unsealing the vault services if vault services get sealed).
Incident response management (PagerDuty).
Creating vault access to the application developers by referring RBAC sheets. 
Creating vault test-certificates (cert file & key files) to the user.
Creating role_id & secret_id to the specific functional id’s and load them into the vault kv paths.
Rotating the secrets as per the rotation policy.
Deleting the secrets from vault paths if it any request.
As a vault admin used to generate and share self-signed certificates with developers over 1password in any exceptional cases.
I have worked on settingup LogDNA notifications to slack channel if any issues on Vault servers.
Using Nessus to find the issues in vault base images and fix them by connecting with Hashicorp team.
Rotating secrets and restarting ReplicaSets to pick-up newly created Certificates, Api-Keys, Passwords and Client-Keys to minimize secrets expiry issues.
Creating Jira and SNOW reports for higher management.
Environment: GitHub, Jira, ServiceNow, IBM Cloud, Hashicorp Vault, 1Password, PagerDuty, Secret-Report-Generator and Nessus.

Employer	: Wipro Technologies Ltd
Client		: Roads and Maritime Services
Duration	: Jan-2020 to Nov-2021
Responsibilities: 
Used SNOW to create the ticket and update the build history into the Snow for tracking build status.
Used Bitbucket as Source code management.
Infrastructure provisioning for AWS services (EC2, S3 buckets, EBS Volumes, Load balancers, VPC, Subnets, Internet Gateway, IP Route tables, Security groups) using Terraform. 
Created AWS Infra and Database servers using Terraform Code.
Applied Ingress and Egress rules to allow and deny connection between different application servers.
Implemented Continuous Integration with Bitbucket, Jenkins, XL-Release, xl-Deploy and Jfrog for creating the AWS service using Terraform script.
Deployed packaged Infra Code into Terraform enterprise using XL-Deploy in-order to implement the changes.
Installed required software’s and tools like MySql, Oracle, Grafana, using Ansible playbooks through Ansible-Tower.
Maintaining user accesses to application servers using RBAC (Creating AD groups and adding users to the created AD groups as per RBAC sheet).
Creating user access to different tools like: Jenkins, Bitbucket, JFrog and Ansible tower based on RBAC sheet.
Created DB pipelines to deploy the MSSQL/Oracle into the db servers.
Environment: Linux, SNOW, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Jfrog Artifactory, XL-Release, XL-Deploy, Ansible Tower, Terraform, Shell Scripting and AWS.

Employer	: Wipro Technologies Ltd
Client		: Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd
Duration	: May-2018 to Dec-2019
Responsibilities: 
Used JIRA tool to create and update user stories and also for tracking project status.
working on Bamboo to implement CI & CD processes
Used Bitbucket as Source code management.
Created Continuous Integration using Bitbucket, Bamboo, Maven and JFrog Artifactory.
Integrated SonarQube with Bamboo to Scan the project code and collects metrics based on sonar rules and quality gates.
Integrating Fortify with Bamboo to analyze source code and security vulnerbilities during the development phase.
Automating Application Deployment using Bamboo and Urban Code Deployment (uDeploy).
Calling the uDeploy flow using Bamboo plan for Automating the Application Deployment.
Implemented CI plan to Create Docker Images for Microservices environment. 
Created Docker images using a Docker file, worked on Docker container snapshots, removing images,
and managing Docker volumes.
Fixed bugs on the build and deploy platform.
Environment: Linux, Jira, Bitbucket, Bamboo, Maven, Artifactory, SonarQube, Shell Scripting, Urban Code Deploy (UCD), Docker and WebSphere.
